entity.savageandravage.creeper_spore=Creeper Spore
entity.savageandravage.creepie=Creepie
entity.savageandravage.griefer_illager=Griefer Illager
entity.savageandravage.defender=Defender
entity.savageandravage.poultry_farmer=Poultry Farmer
entity.savageandravage.scavenger=Scavenger
entity.savageandravage.savageling=Savageling
entity.savageandravage.skeleton_villager=Skeleton Villager
entity.savageandravage.friendly_ravager=Friendly Ravager
entity.savageandravage.hyena=Hyena
item.savageandravage.creeper_spores=Creeper Spores
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.creepie=Creeper Spores
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.griefer_illager=Spawn Griefer Illager
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.defender=Spawn Defender
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.poultry_farmer=Spawn Poultry Farmer
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.scavenger=Spawn Scavenger
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.savageling=Spawn Savageling
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.skeleton_villager=Spawn Skeleton Villager
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.friendly_ravager=Spawn Friendly Ravager
item.spawn_egg.entity.savageandravage.hyena=Spawn Hyena
item.savageandravage.guard_helm=Guard's Helm
item.savageandravage.poultry_farmer_hat=Poultry Farmer Hat
item.savageandravage.sinister_horn=Sinister Horn
item.savageandravage.brew_of_the_beast=Brew Of The Beast
effect.savageandravage.tenacity=Tenacity
effect.savageandravage.bad_omen=Bad Omen
block.savageandravage.ominous_shield=Ominous Shield